a warm embrace at the White House before
the hard talk President Joe Biden and
King Abdullah of Jordan spent at least
an hour discussing how to end the war in
Gaza the leaders disagreed on the best
way to do that we need a lasting
ceasefire now the United States is
working on a hostage deal between Israel
and Hamas which would bring a immediate
and sustained period of common to Gaza
for at least
weeks Biden and abdalah met just hours
after Israeli forces launched a raid in
Rafa to rescue two captives Gaza
officials say dozens of people were
killed in the attack prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu says he wants to
launch a full-scale military campaign
against Hamas and Rafa even though
there's growing International agreement
such an invasion would be catastrophic
for the more than a million Palestinians
trapped there the major military
operation
Raa should not proceed without a
credible plan a credible plan for
ensuring the safety and support of more
than 1 million people Sheltering there
many people there have been displaced
displaced multiple times fleeing the
violence to the north and now they're
packed into Rafa exposed and vulnerable
they need to be
protected Biden did not talk about
funding for unra which he suspended
after Israel accused a few of its
employees of helping Hamas plan the
October 7th attack Abdullah called on
Biden to change his mind restrictions on
vital relief Aid and medical items are
leading to inhumane conditions no other
UN agency can do what Ana is doing in
helping the people of Gaza through this
humanitarian catastrophe it is
imperative that Ana continues to receive
the support it needs to carry out its
mandate Biden and Abdullah agreed to
work on getting more humanitarian Aid
into Gaza but they ignored reporters
questions on how to make that happen
Roselyn Jordan Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer